Learning how to code and being able create data visualization aids. To be able to get a thorough understanding of R and use it for the analysis of data. Learning R Learning different coding languages Learning data analyse skills. The programming and maths  Programming aspects The challenge of learning new things Gaining new skills  getting started!   It’s more Practical and Hands On  Being able to build predictive models. Understanding the applications of data. It's a new challenge for my lifetime! Learning new skills, and seeing the usage.  Learning new things Attaining the skills needed to complete my first DS project Learning about data formally. I worked with data for a while and picked stuff up and wanted to learn more.  Getting to work hands on data and learning different ways to wrangle data. I want to learn new things and work with data. Learning Statistics with R The prospect of learning new skills that I can one day use for work. To learn how to analyze and visualize data by using tools  Learning new skills and tp be involved in the technology world Learning to code and enhancing employbility for the future  I can learn something I don't know before The programming, maths and statistics  Learning more about the world of Data  Getting formal education on working with modern data Gaining Analytical Skills and learning more about R How we can use AI in data analysis  R language  The fact that this module will enable us to better understand the traces(datas) left by people.    I am mostly excited about exploring the richness of data with a custom-centric approach this course and cs5701 would be quite special for me, since they will the opening door to the data science.   Learning how to code and become a data analyst To know, learn and understand different concepts   Algothrims learning how to code and using data visualisation techniques python learning learning programming languages Learning more about data manipulation Learning more about manipulating statistics into real life data Applying learnings to real world environments. R and R studio I am looking to learn this as good as others The future of data analysis To learn programming skills and statistics R The whole module. Usage of R and other programming languages Learn more about Data and how R can be used in real world problems  Machine Learning learning how to analyze data    Learning more data about more data and machine learning as we can see how the pandamic drove the decision making using data Machine Learning It is very much logical, has a good learning outcomes i would be able to understand and use R other tools for statistical problems  
